I arrived at the office today at 9:00 as usual. I knew I was in for a rough day when the receptionist called me Geeb instead of my given name Steeb. Not wanting to cause her any discomfort, I nodded and headed for my assigned Work Zone© #112-555. The rest of the day proceeded as standard. Eventually, around 2pm, I felt the need to take my apres-lunch shitter. I headed toward Fecal Zone© #66-127 and browsed for a stall. I settled on the last Plus-size+ model at the end of the room. As a Copper-3 entry-level Starter IT Help Center Geek Worker ™ my employee benefits did not include stall access. As such, the stall doors, which required an ID Government Life Signature ® - Powered by Google, would not lock. However, I had developed a method of binding the door shut with an Ethernet cable covered in glue. You might be wondering why I didn’t utilize the provided Full Support Bowel Troughs, but the cheap Chinese plastic stimulated my federally mandated anal STDs (shown to reduce bigotry). 

I was midway through my shit. I consume two food buckets for lunch (either chicken or fish) and it takes me 30-40 minutes to process the food matter. I usually take the time to farm Rainbow upgrade crystals and runes for my 6-star characters on the latest Japanese mobile gacha game Kuwui Nandos. Contentedly opening loot cubes, I heard the sound of two people entering the zone. I peeked through the door crack and saw it was Stez and Jos. Stez and Joz are Gold++ Level executives who oversee my Work Zone©. If they discovered I had entered a restricted zone, I would surely be fired. They stepped in front of the sinks for a moment, talking about the latest Xtreme Ball match. The Niggerz had beaten the Bl00ds in a major upset. My mind was racing as I thot of a way to hide myself. Jos turned from the sinks and I quickly drew up my feet. I knew he might use a Foot Scanner© to check the stall occupancy, so my only option was to stand in the bowl. I gently placed my feet in the warm slosh, careful to not make a sound. Now, the Plus-size+ model was a sturdy build, but forced to bear the full weight of my brawn, I could feel its porcelain walls begin to strain. Jos walked closer. Even at 5’1”, I had to hunch in the bowl to avoid being seen over the stall door. Jos scanned the floor and, finding it clear, pushed against the stall door. Finding it stuck, he struck the door. BANG. He pushed harder. The CHINK™ poly fibers of my cable stretched to their limit. 

Suddenly the cable gave way. As the door flew open I found myself staring into the dark brown eyes of Jos. In surprise, I shifted my weight backwards. This change put excess force on the front bowl walls. The bowl shattered. The brown soup spilled forward with great speed. As most of you know, the government recently passed the Electrified Shit Act, requiring all toilets to be electric. The toilets electrify any chunks, creating a homogenous juice that greatly increases the efficiency of fecal processing. The lack of fecal matter in my bowl created a high level of reverse pressure, pulling an incredible volume of brown juice from the system's internal reservoir. Due to the force of the torrent and the electrical current, Jos was killed instantly. His body was taken by the sewage and I watched in horror as he drifted away from me. The foot deep sewie rushed towards Stez. I could see pure fear in his eyes and his scream was like a baby bird in a hard crush fetish video. The sewie crashed into his body, pulling him beneath the surface. I climbed the stall wall as the dark liquid raged beneath me. The fragile hollow walls began to crack immediately. I felt a wave of nirvana wash over me as the wall crumpled and I fell back into the thick ocean. 

I woke up in Sick Zone© #89-696. I heard sounds of people talking around me but I couldn’t understand them and their faces were blurry. I later found out they were company board members firing me (my complimentary Apple Specs had prevented me from identifying them). In the end, everything has turned out pretty well.  My only punishment was a Gay-Aids shot for involuntary manslaughter. Now I’m a registered Basement_Dweller and I have access to an unlimited supply of government tenders. Bazinga!
